---title: "My Current CV"published: true---# COSKUN CANER>Email: [coshkun[@]msn.com](mailto:coshkun@msn.com)    >Address: Aksemseddin cd, No:55 D:1 Fatih-IST-TR34080    >Phone: 0090 212 631-8178, 0090 537 310-1654      **OBJECTIVE**        Accomplished software developer with **3 years of experience** in development of applications. Excels in every stage of the life cycle of software development, including design creation, coding, debugging, testing, and maintenance. Expert in devising innovative and tailored solutions to assist businesses achieve their goals in a variety of industries. Advanced skills and knowledge of leading programming tools with a strong background in mathematics, algorithms, and data-processing logic.        ---    **EXPERIENCE**        >**Senior IOS Developer** @ *Appwox Mobile Software Solutions*  >Istanbul, TR & London, UK  >March 2016 - Currently    - Develop, upgrade, and maintain advanced navigational, finance, advertisement, health-care, and marketing industry based softwares.  - Coordinate the design and implementation of various applications, including collaboration with project managers, and client representative and development teams.  - Provide mentoring services to junior developers as when needed.  - Assigned to projects, include the design and development of a flagship marketing/trading application, an AWS based content distribution server, and business systems for clients in a variety of industries.    >**Junior IOS Developer** @ *Cohouse & Appwox Development Agency*  >İstanbul, TR  >November 2015 - March 2016    - Experimented with multiple iterations during design implementation.  - Wrote extensible and maintainable code as part of a team.  - Excelled in rapidly prototyping new capabilities to confirm project feasibility.  - Experimented with Project Management Life Cycles.  - Modified existing software to detect and correct errors, improve performance, and upgrade interfaces.  - Consulted with clients regularly regarding projects, proposals, and technical issues that arise during the development process.  - Prepared reports on specifications and activities for each project.  - Collaborated well with other team members to determine the best design specifications and details.  - Experimented with UI/UX design patterns and the design-to-development workflows.    >**.NET & Web Developer**  >*Freelance Software Developer*  >Istanbul, TR  >February 2011 - November 2015    - Developed several .NET & MS MVC Based projects.  - Joined to open source projects in several manners.  - Joined to game development projects based on UnrealEngine, CryEngine and Unity3D.    ---  **EDUCATION**    >**Bachelors of Associate Engineering**  >University of Kocaeli -  >Kocaeli, Turkey 2004    *Educated by,  Marine Electronics & Communication, on Maritime Academy of Karamürsel*    >**Electronic Technician**  >Güngören Endüstri Meslek Lisesi - High School  >Güngören, İstanbul 1997    *Educated by, Industrial Electronics, Digital Electronics, Basic Programming Skills, Technical Diagrams & BluePrints, Using Documentation & DataSheets.*        ---  **SKILS**    · AWS Amazon Web Services.  · C/C++, C#, Objective-C, Swift, Python, HTML, JSON, XML, CSS, JaveScript, JQuery, T-SQL.  · Entity Framework, EF Core Framework, .NET, ADO.NET, WinForm, WPF, WCF, Silverlight, UWP platform, SOAP based architectures.  · Apple Swift 4.2/4.0/3.x/2.x syntax specs, Apple Core Frameworks, Popular Swift Frameworks, COCAPODS and other package managers.  · GIT, BitBucket, SourceTree, GitHUB, Mercury and similar SVN systems.      ---  *@2019 Coskun Caner, All rights reserved. Any of illegal use of above information (including any kind of fraudulency, advertising and spamming) without written permission of it's author is extremely prohibited and protected by laws. In order to respect privacy, any kind of sharing on any platform (including electronic and pressed materials and social networks) are also prohibited, and requires authors written permission.*    > Written with [StackEdit](https://stackedit.io/).    